third sister and eldest brother
You're finally back!
I haven't heard from you these days.
Brothers are noisy to find you
This family doesn't speak two languages
Am I not back?
Hey, who is this brother? Can I introduce him?
He is Ma Liang
Is my ex
A friend my husband met when he was in the Duke's Mansion
He is an immortal
Rakshasa Kingdom still has
Immortals other than the imperial teacher
Brother, you don't know
The baby bird is also a fairy
But Ma Liang is different from them
He is an immortal from abroad
To find new ones
We escaped thanks to him
I see.
Ma Liang Brothers
Since you rescued the third sister
Our rebel army will definitely not treat you badly
You can rest assured to raise it here
Then harassment
we
Let Brother Ma Liang have a good rest now
Let's go out and talk
What's happened to you these days?
Ma Liang, are you alright?
Big brother, Ma Liang needs someone to take care of him now
Or we'll be late.
Well, then Brother Ma Liang has a good rest first
Let's talk another day